fluid-framework README (#7458)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/framework/fluid-framework/README.md

# fluid-framework

> The `fluid-framework` package bundles a collection of Fluid Framework client packages for easy use when paired with a corresponding service client package, such as the `@fluidframework/azure-client` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fluid-framework` package bundles a collection of Fluid Framework client packages for easy use when paired with a corresponding service client package (ex. `@fluidframework/azure-client` & `@fluidframework/tinylicious-client` ).
```

## Contents

> The `fluid-framework` package consists primarily of two portions:  the `IFluidContainer` and a selection of DDS packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `fluid-framework` package consists primarily of two portions:  the `IFluidContainer` and a selection of distributed data structures (DDSes).
```

### IFluidContainer

> The **[IFluidContainer](https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/fluid-static/ifluidcontainer/)** interface is the one of the types returned by calls to `createContainer()` and `getContainer()` on the service clients such as `AzureClient`.  It includes functionality to retrieve the Fluid data contained within, as well as to inspect the state of the collaboration session connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **[IFluidContainer][]** interface is the one of the types returned by calls to `createContainer()` and `getContainer()` on the service clients such as `AzureClient`.  It includes functionality to retrieve the Fluid data contained within, as well as to inspect the state of the collaboration session connection.
```

### DDS packages

You'll use one or more DDS data structures in your container to model your collaborative data.  The `fluid-framework` package comes with three data structures that cover a broad range of scenarios:

> 1. **[SharedMap](https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/map/sharedmap/)**, a map-like data structure for storing key/value pair data
> 2. **[SharedDirectory](https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/map/shareddirectory/)**, a map-like data structure with ability to organize keys into subdirectories
> 3. **[SharedString](https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/sequence/sharedstring/)**, a data structure for string data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **[SharedMap][]**, a map-like data structure for storing key/value pair data
2. **[SharedDirectory][]**, a map-like data structure with ability to organize keys into subdirectories
3. **[SharedString][]**, a data structure for string data
```

## Tutorial

Check out the Hello World tutorial using the `fluid-framework` package [here](https://fluidframework.com/docs/start/tutorial/).

> See [GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework) for more details on the Fluid Framework and packages within.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework) for more details on the Fluid Framework and packages within.

<!-- Links -->
[IFluidContainer]: https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/fluid-static/ifluidcontainer/
[SharedMap]: https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/map/sharedmap/
[SharedDirectory]: https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/map/shareddirectory/
[SharedString]: https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/sequence/sharedstring/
```

Moving the links to the bottom as reference links makes it easier to re-use the readme elsewhere.
